---
layout: post
title: "My weekly post 06"
date: 2018-10-26
---


This weeks reflection is different from the other ones this is because this is a special reflection where is going to be graded as a college ready grade. In week one we learned how tor create new files in github.com and follow the the specific steps that the teacher told us to follow. A challenged i faced in that week learnings was that i had to create things in a website i've never seen before and done nothing about this before. In my second week somethings i learned were that in order for you to create a new game you need coordinates. Another thing i learned was that a respository is a container that holds up a project. For my third week learnings something i learned was that HTML has different tags, something else i learned in thiss week learnings was that Cirlces of Evaluation the function goes on the top and the values go underneath, a challenged i faced in this weeks learning was that we had to pick a color and a font for our websites and this was hard for me because i was confsed and i felt like the beginning of the first day of school where i was lost and didn't know what i was doing. In my fourth week learning i learned the roles for professional programming are the Driver-who controls the keyboard and mouse, Navigator-who looks at the big picture by checking the errors, thinking about problems, and finding resources. A challenge i faced in this week was that i was the person who was looking at the big picture and not been able to tell my partners the errors that i saw that were occuring while doing the tasks. My fifth week learning i learned how to create shapes in the website WeScheme which then helped us later on when creating our flags in the same websites. A challenged i faced was that sometimes when i would click the button "run" and see it in the right side of the website it would show errors sometimes and when i would try to fix them it would show another error until i finally found the errors and the right side  wasn’t telling anything was wrong. A connection i can make between my Computer Science class and my Math class is that i remmbered once we where doing and solving equations who had a y-intercept and a slope an where written this way: y=mx+b form and you had to graph the y-intercept and slope in the graph next to the equation, that same day when we got to computer scince Mr. Alatta asked us to write down equations that had a slope and a y-intercept. Which then reminded me of what we did in agebra class which was almost the same thing. Another conection i can make was we where given certain coordiates to plot in a graph from diferent math problems in math class and then when we got to computer science we had to get to get certain coordinates to plot in order to create a game because like i said before you need coordinates to create a game!
