---
layout: post
title: "My weekly post 04"
date: 2018-10-12
---


In this weeks lessons we learned that Pair Programming is a problem solving strategy used by professional programming, which also was used for difficult problems. In addition other things we learned was that we learned how to create a flag and we used the website WeScheme to create it there, also we learned how to create shapes with color in the same website WeScheme. We also learned that for high level thinking we need to think about the problem been giving, look for information, and find errors. A connetion i can make is that when i first started creating my website i had difficulties which was the same when creating the shapes in the website WeScheme and the flags, but then when i did the first task i got the hang of it which then made the rest of the task easy to do just like when creating our websites. Something i learned about this weeks lesson was that the roles that go on in professional programming are the Driver- who controls the keyboard and mouse, Navigator- who looks at the big picture by checking the errors, thinking about problems, and finding resources. But don't think at you stay with these roles forever once you complete a task you switch roles with your partners. I also learned that besides there been a high level thinking there is also a low level thinking which is spelling, grammer, production and organization. A challenge i had was when we had partners for the proffesional programming and i had to be the person who was looking at the big picture and not been able to tell him errors that i saw that were occuring while doing the tasks. A question i had was how did creating a flag in WeScheme was related to programming different codes in the computer? Accomplishiments i had was when had to create shapes in the websites WeScheme and me and my partner completed the first task without asking the teacher for any help.
